Lin Yang
Xiaoqing
Let me support you
You raise me
Stop joking
My mother is seriously ill in bed
The medical expenses alone are several thousand a day.
fine
I have money now
Don't worry
I will definitely support you
I will transfer 100,000 to you now
Transfer failed
OK
I'm not the one who cares about this
You don't have to use this method to make me happy
Ten billion amount
Only when consumption is generated for women
can be used
Xu Qing
I can support you
I can
I'll take care of you
Lin Yang
Am I that kind of woman in your mind?
I've been in love with you for so many years since I was in college.
you like me
What
Xu Qing was a famous school beauty back then
He actually likes me
I'm so blind
Just got together with Jiang Yao
I have to change clothes
Xu Qing
What kind of job requires you to dress like this?
Don't let Linyang know
I work in KTV